[sqlite] refactor next api to be more react idiomatic (#25657)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/sqlite-next.mdx

});
```

### `useSQLiteContext()` hook with `React.Suspense`

> As with the [`useSQLiteContext()` hook](#usesqlitecontext-hook), you can also integrate the `SQLiteProvider` with [`React.Suspense`](https://react.dev/reference/react/Suspense) to show a fallback component until the database is ready.
> To enable the integration, you need to pass the `useSuspense` prop to the `SQLiteProvider` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As with the [`useSQLiteContext()`](#usesqlitecontext-hook) hook, you can also integrate the `SQLiteProvider` with [`React.Suspense`](https://react.dev/reference/react/Suspense) to show a fallback component until the database is ready. To enable the integration, pass the `useSuspense` prop to the `SQLiteProvider` component.
```

- For internal links, let's only highlight the actual hook/method name
- We can be a bit concise in the last sentence
- Since there is no new line break, i don't think we have to divide this paragraph into to new lines.

```tsx
import { SQLiteProvider, useSQLiteContext } from 'expo-sqlite/next';
import { Suspense } from 'react';
import { View, Text, StyleSheet } from 'react-native';

export default function App() {
  return (
    <View style={styles.container}>
      <Suspense fallback={<Fallback />}>
        <SQLiteProvider databaseName="test.db" onInit={migrateDbIfNeeded} useSuspense>
          <Header />
          <Content />
        </SQLiteProvider>
      </Suspense>
    </View>
  );
}
```

### Executing queries within an async transaction

```js
const db = await SQLite.openDatabaseAsync('databaseName');

await db.withTransactionAsync(async () => {
  const result = await db.getAsync('SELECT COUNT(*) FROM USERS');
  console.log('Count:', result.rows[0]['COUNT(*)']);
});
```

> > **Note:** Due to the nature of the async/await, we can't ensure that the transaction will be executed in the same order as the statements are written. A query out of a transaction may be executed inside the transaction. For example, the following test case may fail from out of order async/await statements. If you care about the order of execution, use the [`withTransactionExclusiveAsync`](#withtransactionexclusiveasynctask) function.
> > ```tsx
> > db.withTransactionAsync(async () => {
> >   await db.execAsync('UPDATE test SET name = "aaa"');
> >
> >   //
> >   // We cannot control the order of async/await order, so order of execution is not guaranteed.
> >   // The following UPDATE query out of transaction may be executed here and break the expectation.
> >   //
> >
> >   const result = await db.getAsync<{ name: string }>('SELECT name FROM Users');
> >   expect(result?.name).toBe('aaa');
> > });
> > db.execAsync('UPDATE test SET name = "bbb"');
> > ```

Reviewer 2: Suggested some rewording to talk more about transaction isolation:

```suggestion
> **Note:** Due to the nature of async/await, any query that runs while the transaction is active will be included in the transaction. This includes query statements that are outside of the scope function passed to `withTransactionAsync` and may be surprising behavior.

For example, the following test case runs queries inside and outside of a scope function passed to `withTransactionAsync`. However, all of the queries will run within the actual SQL transaction because the second `UPDATE` query runs before the transaction finishes.

> ```tsx
> Promise.all([
>   // 1. A new transaction begins
>   db.withTransactionAsync(async () => {
>     // 2. The value "first" is inserted into the test table and we wait 2
>     //    seconds
>     await db.execAsync('INSERT INTO test (data) VALUES ("first")');
>     await sleep(2000);
>
>     // 4. Two seconds in, we read the latest data from the table
>     const row = await db.getAsync<{ data: string }>('SELECT data FROM test');
>
>     // ❌ The data in the table will be "second" and this expectation will fail.
>     //    Additionally, this expectation will throw an error and roll back the
>     //    transaction, including the `UPDATE` query below since it ran within
>     //    the transaction.
>     expect(row.data).toBe('first');  
>   }),
>   // 3. One second in, the data in the test table is updated to be "second".
>   //    This `UPDATE` query runs in the transaction even though its code is
>   //    outside of it because the transaction happens to be active at the time
>   //    this query runs.
>   sleep(1000).then(async() => db.execAsync('UPDATE test SET data = "second"')),
> ])
> ```

The [`withTransactionExclusiveAsync`](#withtransactionexclusiveasynctask) function addresses this. Only queries that run within the scope function passed to `withTransactionExclusiveAsync` will run within the actual SQL transaction.
```

Reviewer: I'd also suggest not putting large code blocks in a callout as callouts are meant to grab attention and convey (most of the times) as a side note/info. I'd suggest making this code block part of the main section and if we really need to hide or provide or provide it as a side note, we can use `Collapsible` in this case.

## API

### Cheatsheet for the common API

> We offer a few common API for both the [`SQLiteDatabase`](#sqlitedatabase) and [`SQLiteStatement`](#sqlitestatement) classes. The following table summarizes the common API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table summarizes a common API from both [`SQLiteDatabase`](#sqlitedatabase) and [`SQLiteStatement`](#sqlitestatement) classes:
```

We can a be bit concise here.

| Method                                 | Description                                                                                                                                                       | Use Case                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| -------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [`runAsync`](#runasyncsource-params)   | Executes a SQL query, returning information on the changes made.                                                                                                  | Ideal for SQL write operations such as `INSERT`, `UPDATE`, `DELETE`.                                                                                                                      |

> | [`getAsync`](#getasyncsource-params)   | Retrieves the first row from the query result.                                                                                                                    | Suitable for fetching a single row from the database, for example: `getAsync('SELECT * FROM Users WHERE id = ?', userId)`.                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`getAsync`](#getasyncsource-params)   | Retrieves the first row from the query result.                                                                                                                    | Suitable for fetching a single row from the database. For example: `getAsync('SELECT * FROM Users WHERE id = ?', userId)`.                                                                |
```

> | [`allAsync`](#allasyncsource-params)   | Fetches all query results at once.                                                                                                                                | Best suited for scenarios with smaller result sets, such as queries with a LIMIT clause, like SELECT \* FROM Table LIMIT 100, where you intend to retrieve all results in a single batch. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`allAsync`](#allasyncsource-params)   | Fetches all query results at once.                                                                                                                                | Best suited for scenarios with smaller result sets, such as queries with a LIMIT clause, like `SELECT \* FROM Table LIMIT 100`, where you intend to retrieve all results in a single batch. |
```

Missing inline code syntax highlight.
